website/src/pages/docs/widgets/link.md, before:

# Link Widget

The Link widget is a hyperlink to the specified URL.

## Settings

### URL

This is the location the widget redirects to when clicked.

### Foreground Type

#### Icon

The icon type lets you set the foreground to common brand icons, available from [Simple Icons](https://simpleicons.org). Once this type is selected, click the Foreground Icon button to show the list of icons to choose from.

#### Image

The image type lets you set an image to the foreground. Once this type is selected, use the Foreground Image [File Input](/docs/miscellaneous#file-input) to add an image.

#### Letter

The letter type lets you set a letter, or group of letters, to the foreground. Once this type is selected, use the Foreground Letter text field to set the letters.

### Background Color

This is the color of the background that shows up behind all of the foreground types.

### Foreground Color

This is the color of the foreground for either the icon or letter; it does not affect the image type.

## Global Settings

### Open in New Tab

If checked, clicking on the widget will open up in a new tab instead of replacing the current tab.

### Autocomplete Label

If checked, this automatically fills in the Label field when selected a Foreground Icon.

### Autocomplete Background

If checked, this automatically fills in the Background Color field when selected a Foreground Icon.

### Autocomplete Foreground

If checked, this automatically fills in the Foreground Color field when selected a Foreground Icon.

Commit message:

feat: iconify, firefox containers, rebrand

website/src/pages/docs/widgets/link.md, after:

# Link Widget

The Link widget is a hyperlink to the specified URL.

## Settings

### URL

This is the location the widget redirects to when clicked.

### Foreground Type

#### Icon

The icon type lets you set the foreground to common brand icons, available from [Iconify](https://icon-sets.iconify.design). Once this type is selected, click the Foreground Icon button to show the list of icons to choose from.

#### Image

The image type lets you set an image to the foreground. Once this type is selected, use the Foreground Image [File Input](/docs/miscellaneous#file-input) to add an image.

#### Letter

The letter type lets you set a letter, or group of letters, to the foreground. Once this type is selected, use the Foreground Letter text field to set the letters.

### Background Color

This is the color of the background that shows up behind all of the foreground types.

### Foreground Color

This is the color of the foreground for either the icon or letter; it does not affect the image type.

### Container (Firefox only)

This is the container (or none) that the url will be opened in. See more info on Firefox Multi-Account Containers [here](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/containers).

## Global Settings

### Open in New Tab

If checked, clicking on the widget will open up in a new tab instead of replacing the current tab.
